hi friends is Rosie and in this video
I'm going to show you how I make my
stove top macaroni and cheese at any
time that you want the exact
measurements for this recipe visit my
blog I heart recipes calm
I'm going to start off with my elbow
macaroni pasta as you can see or if you
can't tell I'm using large macaronis but
you can use regular size I have some
they'll be the cheese that I cubed up
you're going to need a couple
tablespoons of salted butter in this
bowl here I have some sharp cheddar
cheese that I shred it up you're going
to need some water and that is not the
exact measurement here I have some half
in half and whenever I use half and half
people ask me what it is well this is
what it says on the outside of the
carton and if you turn it around it says
milk and cream sauce half milk half
cream if you can't find this in the
store you can use part milk and part
cream but in this pan or my saucepan I'm
going to start pouring in my water and
the half-and-half followed by these two
ingredients I'm going to grab my elbow
macaroni pasta and I'm going to add it
into the saucepan as well you can use
regular as sized elbows if you want I'm
just going to give everything a nice
little stir just to make sure that the
pasta is nicely emerged into the liquid
and now I'm going to turn the heat up to
medium-high let it start to bubble just
like that I'm not going to start adding
in the butter and I'm going to let it
melt completely and then I'll add in my
Velveeta cheese we're going to continue
to cook this mac and cheese until the
pasta is nice and al dente and that
means until it is nicely cooked but
still firmed and not overcooked so once
you have a cheese sauce like this and
your pasta is pretty much good to go
you're going to start adding in your
shredded cheese and then you're going to
fold it in until everything is nice and
combined and all that cheddar cheese is
nicely melted as this is the finished
look you are ready to serve this is so
easy and I think it took me like 20
minutes 25 minutes at most
so now I'm going to survey and when I do
serve this mac and cheese since it's a
really quick and easy dinner I just like
to keep everything really simple and I
usually serve it with a side salad and
by the way you can freeze this I like to
make a nice big batch of this and then I
eat some now and then we say the rest
for later so yeah definitely feel free
to turn this into a freezer meal keep
this in mind during the holidays if
you're one of those people that like to
cook things in advance and just warm it
up on the day of so now I'm just going
to label my container by the way I got
that from the Dollar Tree and that is it
thank you so much for watching I truly
appreciate it don't forget to comment
rate and subscribe if you haven't
already and visit me every Sunday and
Wednesdays for new video uploads